work.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: work
---

# My Work

Here's a selection of my projects, reports, and publications.  

---

## Featured Projects

- **[Under the Palms](assets/pdf/landscaper_IAC.pdf){:target="_blank"}**  
  Research on the experiences of the landscaping workers in LA

- **[LA County Land Bank Parcel Scoring](https://www.lacountylandbank.info/about){:target="_blank"}**  
  Spatial multi-criteria analysis to score 2.4 million parcels in LA county

- **[Community Field Note](https://www.futureby.community){:target="_blank"}**  
  Online resource hub for community ownership of real estate and land

- **[Socal Zoning Analysis & Visualization](https://github.com/OtheringBelonging/SCAGZoning){:target="_blank"}**  
  Collection, categorization, and [visualization](https://belonging.berkeley.edu/greater-la-region-zoning-maps){:target="_blank"} of zoning code for 191 municipalities in the SCAG region

- **[Seattle EV Charging Needs](assets/pdf/sea-ICCT.pdf){:target="_blank"}**  
  First analysis with focus on equity considerations at ICCT

- **[Public EV Charger Access Disparities in CA](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tranpol.2020.10.003){:target="_blank"}**  
  Graduate thesis published as a journal article in *Transport Policy*

- **[Battery Electric Fleet Feasibility Assessment for Humboldt County Public Transit](assets/pdf/hta-SERC.pdf){:target="_blank"}**  
  Mixed integer linear optimization for the electric bus infrastructure (method on pg. 99)

---

## Other Work

- [Los Angeles Tool Library](https://www.latoollibrary.org){:target="_blank"}
- [Recycling Worker Information Handout](assets/pdf/recycler_trifold-IAC.pdf){:target="_blank"} 
- [LA County GIS Day 2024 Presentation - Historic Map of Cesar Chavez Ave](https://experience.arcgis.com/experience/c093724400ad44cca3113164afadc522/page/Exhibit#data_s=id%3AdataSource_5-0%3A43){:target="_blank"}
- [LA City Budget Blog Post](assets/pdf/la_budget_blog-IAC.pdf){:target="_blank"}

---

## Interviews

- [Treehugger Interview on EV Charging Access](https://www.treehugger.com/successful-ev-adoption-america-make-evs-more-accessible-to-black-communities-5218362){:target="_blank"}  

---

Commit message:

add core case study to work page

work.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: work
---

# My Work

Here's a selection of my projects, reports, and publications.  

---

## Featured Projects

- **[Under the Palms](assets/pdf/landscaper_IAC.pdf){:target="_blank"}**  
  Research on the experiences of the landscaping workers in LA

- **[LA County Land Bank Parcel Scoring](https://www.lacountylandbank.info/about){:target="_blank"}**  
  Spatial multi-criteria analysis to score 2.4 million parcels in LA county

- **[Community Field Note](https://www.futureby.community){:target="_blank"}**  
  Online resource hub for community ownership of real estate and land

- **[Community Owned Real Estate Case Study](assets/pdf/core-IAC.pdf){:target="_blank"}**
  
  Overview and project evaluation of the community ownership model

- **[Socal Zoning Analysis & Visualization](https://github.com/OtheringBelonging/SCAGZoning){:target="_blank"}**  
  Collection, categorization, and [visualization](https://belonging.berkeley.edu/greater-la-region-zoning-maps){:target="_blank"} of zoning code for 191 municipalities in the SCAG region

- **[Seattle EV Charging Needs](assets/pdf/sea-ICCT.pdf){:target="_blank"}**  
  First analysis with focus on equity considerations at ICCT

- **[Public EV Charger Access Disparities in CA](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tranpol.2020.10.003){:target="_blank"}**  
  Graduate thesis published as a journal article in *Transport Policy*

- **[Battery Electric Fleet Feasibility Assessment for Humboldt County Public Transit](assets/pdf/hta-SERC.pdf){:target="_blank"}**  
  Mixed integer linear optimization for the electric bus infrastructure (method on pg. 99)

---

## Other Work

- [Los Angeles Tool Library](https://www.latoollibrary.org){:target="_blank"}
- [Recycling Worker Information Handout](assets/pdf/recycler_trifold-IAC.pdf){:target="_blank"} 
- [LA County GIS Day 2024 Presentation - Historic Map of Cesar Chavez Ave](https://experience.arcgis.com/experience/c093724400ad44cca3113164afadc522/page/Exhibit#data_s=id%3AdataSource_5-0%3A43){:target="_blank"}
- [LA City Budget Blog Post](assets/pdf/la_budget_blog-IAC.pdf){:target="_blank"}

---

## Interviews

- [Treehugger Interview on EV Charging Access](https://www.treehugger.com/successful-ev-adoption-america-make-evs-more-accessible-to-black-communities-5218362){:target="_blank"}  

---
